[datasets] Add additional fields description and ExpandJSON Depth (#185)
honeycombio/terraform-provider-honeycombio: docs/resources/dataset.md

```hcl
resource "honeycombio_dataset" "my_dataset" {
  name = "My dataset"
  description = "buzzing with data"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> -   `name` - (Required) The name of the dataset.

Reviewer: Not sure if this was a markdown linter, but in the name of consistency I'd like to stick to the `*` approach used everywhere else

Author: yep, this must of been a plugin of mine, was not intentional.

> *   `name` - (Required) The name of the dataset.

Reviewer: Nit bit the spacing is still off here

-   `description` - Longer description for datset.
-   `expand_json_depth` - How many JSON levels to unfurl.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

> -   `slug` - The slug of the dataset.

Reviewer: Same as above

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the dataset.

> * `description` - Longer description for datset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `description` - (Optional) A longer description for dataset.
```

> * `expand_json_depth` - How many JSON levels to unfurl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `expand_json_depth` - (Optional) The maximum unpacking depth of nested JSON fields.
```
